engine from carrera s chassis from gt3
driving pleasure from another dimension of the
gt4 embodies porsche like no cayman
maybe even better than that before
big brother 911 was a fun brake
Porsche so far not exactly
understand now bring the
fast colors really sharp
the street porsche cayman gt4 compact
strong and incredibly fast
1350 kilo meet here on 385 ps
is enough for almost 300 kilometers per hour
top and we want to go here in portugal
on the street and also on the
race track test what the junk
really can
that should one would be the looks but
looking like fresh from the race track
run away and not like the coupe pusan
of the boxer the ignorant again and again
careless as a housewife porsche
denote as gt4 mutated porsche
smallest to the real better and as
such he snaps very cheekily after that
big brother 911 carrera so that he himself
on the sports car urmeter not the teeth
The cayman gt4 was banned
aerodynamics completely turned over the
new nose with optimized airflow
lateral intake openings and the
fixed rear wing
Carbon fiber reinforced plastic provide
for helpful downforce synonymous with the
proportions he has raised the sheep
snout stretches the cart to four
meter 44 thanks to 30 mm lowering duck
he now flat on a meter 27
the gt4 is not only longer and longer
flatter than the normal cayman
he also has one centimeter more wheelbase
In the interior we find the typical
porsche cockpit with the handy
Steering wheel in the style of the 918 spyder der
The supersport seats for
around 2800 euro
really everything and everyone sure
hold tight
a look to the right of the tachometer
Among other things, the g-forces can be
read when you bang through the curves
in terms of technology, the upper
cayman rotty in the l did not matter
the 3.8 liter sucker comes with 385 ps
from the carrera s the adjustable landing gear
and the slightly modified xxl ceramic
Brake system with the yellow slips
The GT3 sports active dampers
dynamic gear bearings and
Control electronics were used on motorsport
trimmed anyway, the gt4 also makes
surprisingly everyday use impression
On the street, the GT4 actually stops
much more than the outer one
promises the huge tail wing
promises the whole lot of racing
and the car also offers circuit
crisp steering directly so we know that
porsche is really nothing
special but the engine is one
poem turns four quite harmless
and then it starts really great sound
Giant force that's really fun
and also the chassis endeavors
to give the roadway on the
race track really sensationally good too
lie and a little rest comfort
it's just not to convey
Bone crusher not sticky hard me
would say that falls into the
category hard but fair
only vermouth one buys keep
sports cars that you have to know completely
bad roads or nasty bottom waves
leads to the fact that the
Front spoiler touches down and a bit
on asphalt scratches but I think that
you really like the car
shopping
on the autodromo internacional do
Algarve shows the GT4 that he is
not just want to play out
after the first turn is one like that
firmly as the wing at the tail wants
not playing
he thinks that the start will be serious
the boxer tours us from 4,000
and with on passage connected
fold
he turns into the eardrum
udn with the sound in gt4 also increases
fever curve
the always manual mid-engine
athlete comes above 4,000 tours
really in ride and leaves only at
loose again almost 8000 revolutions
in between lies the murderous thrust
the six-cylinder boxer with his
385 ps up to 420 newton meters max
torque on the asphalt brings that way
are 2 195 km / h in the
tip in there
the sprint to 100 lasts only 44
seconds to 200 this race needs
cayman 14 5 seconds
according to porsche lies his
Average consumption at 10 3 liters
but probably only if you have the foot completely from
gas leaves priced starts the cayman
gt4 at 85,000 776 euros
with all the treats our first
test cars brought along then stand
However, 106,000 333 euros on the
invoice
you hear that in the background we
had the autodromo on the algarve
unfortunately leave again
here dtm and raging again
but the cayman gt4 has been training
proved to be absolutely worthy
He's on the track with power
You can go street legal with him
the race track sensational times
go that is due to the one
perfectly balanced suspension that
she really very neutral by the
Bends only when you overdo it
the tail comes quite times and
of course the sensational engine of
just one turn we turn
really only turn at 8000 conclusion
a great car on the race track
really sensational perform and gt4 has
really only a single disadvantage he
unfortunately costs over 85,000 euros at the
financing this dream car would be
So a small lottery or rich
Parents can not bad a cayman
to be worth it
First of all, the GT4 is street athlete
and racing cars in one and second
the driving pleasure is not with money
balance out